= tach

Shotgun benchmarking with noticeable progress and pretty results.

== Writing Benchmarks

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests

Benchmarks are pretty easy, I'll explain a simple example

  Tach.meter(4) do

    tach('first') do
      sleep(rand)
    end

    tach('second') do
      sleep(rand)
    end

  end

The optional argument to meter tells it how many times to run each tach (it defaults to 1).
Each tach should have a name, so you can recognize them in the results.
Then inside the tach block you should specify the code you care about comparing.
The output will show you the progress through each tach and average/total real times for each one when they finish.
Each tach will be run all its repetitions in its own thread, with a new thread for each tach.

== Copyright

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2010 {geemus (Wesley Beary)}[http://github.com/geemus]

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
